Podcast Title: Allies to Prosperity

ListenNotes URL: https://www.listennotes.com/podcasts/allies-to-prosperity-tyler-austin-oyPrQKJ7Vqw/

Contact Name: Tyler Austin

Contact Email: 

Podcast Description: Join the Willing and Relentless  as we learn from exceptional individuals who exemplify mental and physical resilience on their path to achieving prosperity.We zero in on the essential qualities that empower entrepreneurs to succeed. Our discussions encompass various facets, including daily routines, business structures, lead generation, and business processes/automation, all designed to help supercharge your path to Prosperity.In this podcast, we emphasize the importance of collaboration and how, in the pursuit of success, no one truly does it alone.If you're tuning in, it's no coincidence; you're on a mission to uncover your greater purpose, not just for yourself but also for your loved ones.Meet Your Host, Tyler Austin: Tyler Austin, a dedicated husband and father, veteran, real estate investor, and the founder of REISift, a bootstrapped Proptech SaaS platform. He also leads a thriving community of determined real estate professionals. This podcast delves into real estate and beyond, exploring various industries, including SaaS, and featuring exceptional individuals who've achieved greatness, sharing their insights to help you attain prosperity. Join Tyler on this enlightening journey toward Prosperity.


Last 5 Episodes:

Episode 1:
Title: ATP10 Suffer Your Way To Greatness featuring Justin Peters
Date: 02/16/21
Description: Justin Peters is a true visionary for creating innovative communities across the world with the mission to positively impact communities. JP’s favorite part about being an entrepreneur is helping others; he is a big believer in inspiring others to reach their full potential. As an entrepreneur, Peters is known for his insatiable hunger to end all suffering, his execution, motivation and precision when it comes to building businesses. Within the past three years JP has founded JZ Home Buyers, JP Acquisitions, and Country Wide Roofing solutions as a stepping stone to create a real estate empire that improves communities all across America.Justin loves to personally connect with others and hear their stories. To reach him you can follow @Juuustinpeters on Instagram, Twitter and Facebook and watch out for his upcoming YouTube Channel on his instructional growth method to enhance any part of your life, coming soon!

Episode 2:
Title: ATP 09  - David Lecko from Deal Machine going through the ATP Gauntlet.
Date: 12/18/20
Description: Very excited to hear what David has to say about our gauntlet of questions about the Myths of Prosperity! He is a seasoned investor, and SaaS Founder of one of the most popular Real Estate Products in the industry! His insight will be great for those looking to understand the mindset on active versus passive wealth building, and putting active income to work.A little about David:David Lecko is the CEO of DealMachine, an app that enables real estate investors to find off-market deals and contact any property owner via direct mail, email, and phone with a single click. In the last year, the app has been downloaded over 200,000 times and used to capture over 11,000,000 potential deals by “driving for dollars” teams. DealMachine has added millions of dollars of revenue to scaling home buying businesses around the United States.David is a real estate investor himself building a rental portfolio on Indianapolis.David can be reached at David@DealMachine.comTwitter: @tweetingDavid @dealmachineappFacebook:https://www.facebook.com/david.leckoFacebook:https://www.facebook.com/dealmachineapp/Instagram: @dlecko @dealmachineappWebsite:www.dealmachine.com

Episode 3:
Title: ATP08 - How Chris Ronzio literally Built a Process to Prosperity
Date: 10/01/20
Description: Learn More about Chris on Instagram https://www.instagram.com/chrisronzio/Other Chris Resources https://linktr.ee/chrisronzioGet Trainual!https://trainual.grsm.io/tduulxfswx7601

Episode 4:
Title: ATP 7 - Building Prosperity around Real Estate and Educating with Steve Trang
Date: 09/08/20
Description: Broker, Agent, Flipper, Rental Portfolio, Educator, much much more, and on top of that a Husband and Father! Steve Trang is a man of many different experiences! He started out as an engineer and very quickly found himself in real estate excelling as an agent and investor. Steve is the creator of a very popular podcast - Real Estate Disruptors - where he interviews real estate investors who have unlocked the code. Steve drops massive knowledge in this episode on life, mindset, MANY MANY books, and overall just an awesome individual looking to give back to the community. He is really focused on reaching prosperity through having an awesome team, and educating others.Reach out to Steve Trang@steve.trang on Instagramshor.by/stevetrang

Episode 5:
Title: ATP 6 - 25 year old W2 Employee to CEO and 7-figure’s 2 years later
Date: 08/28/20
Description: Armani Johnson is a powerhouse out of DFW, Texas. He started his journey i. College , followed the typical employee life working 60+ hour weeks and having no time for himself. After finding out about real estate he started to build a business part time on the side which later turned into a a 7-figure real estate operation in less then 2 years time. Listen as he gives his mindset and journey from a kid with a dream to a man applying prosperity in his own life and others, giving back to his local investment community with the knowledge to follow his systems.Follow Armani’s path on Instagram @thatarmaniguyFollow Tyler on Instagram @tyleraustinoriginalCheck out REISiftwww.reisift.io

