Speaker 1 (00:00):
Hey, what's up everybody and welcome back to the channel. I'm extremely excited to share with you a conversation that I had with an awesome guy. And you know what? Just so I can tell you as soon as possible, come on, CoStar, come do your thing. 

Speaker 2 (00:15):
Welcome back to my badge channel. If you're new here, make sure to click that light button and subscribe and don't forget to share it. 

Speaker 1 (00:22):
Well, thank you very much young lady. Much appreciated as always. So now getting right to the meat and potatoes, what you are going to see is a conversation between me and an awesome individual. He is the CEO and Co-founder of point hound.com, a brand new points booking website that I discovered. Now, before we get into anything else, understand this is not sponsored by Point Hound, I'm getting nothing for Point Hound. I have no referral code for Point Hound. This is literally a website that I found in my travels that I sincerely believe in that I definitely want to share out to the audience because look, you know me if you've been watching my channel, I'm a purist. I normally don't even use point sites, but this site is, it's otherworldly to put it lightly. So in this you will see a conversation between me and Jay Reno. 

Speaker 1 (01:15):
He is the CEO and Co-founder of Points Hound. This site went live eight months ago. I've set up my own profile, I've used it to test and look at redemptions that I've been interested in, and this site's been around for eight months and I just now discovered it. So even I'm eight months late, but I am making it my business to make sure you are not late. So Jay took some time out of his very busy schedule just to sit down with me for a short conversation and I got to tell you some of the things we're going to cover here from redemptions, aspirational redemptions. He even gives out some credit card hints, temps and tricks, and even talks about his setup. I think you guys are really going to enjoy this. I want to give a huge shout out to Jay and the Point Hound team. 

Speaker 1 (02:01):
They are just doing incredible things here. Now as a PSA, I got to let you know you're going to see me nerd out and kind of fanboy out a little bit because really super cool guy, but he knows his stuff. And you know what, I'll just stop babbling. Why don't you guys just check out the conversation? First things first, I just want to offer you my gratitude, my thank you, thank you, thank yous. I'm a part of a amazing Points of Miles community and when I discovered your Site Point Hound, it was just, I'm looking at it and I'm like, this is something that more people need to know about because it is intuitive. It's easy once you create your profile and you start searching, it does pretty much all the work for you. So I've actually started preemptively mentioning it on my YouTube page during live videos and I do believe I have another mention of it coming video that I'm editing. So I was just really looking forward to the fact that you were able to take time out of your busy schedule to meet with me. 

Speaker 3 (03:08):
Yeah, dude, thanks for the kind words. Happy to be here today to chat with you. 

Speaker 1 (03:13):
Awesome, awesome, awesome. So I really, I'm really, what's the word? I'm kind of informal. I don't do a lot of pre-prepared stuff. I like really a lot of organic conversation. And with that I would, if you don't mind, I would just like to ask you what inspired you to get point how off the ground? 

Speaker 3 (03:40):
Yeah, it's a good question. I think for me, so in my prior work life I started a company called Feather, which is a furniture rental business was we built it seven, eight years ago. We ended up raising a lot of venture capital, like 75 million of venture capital for the company. We grew it to many tens of millions of revenue and sold the company in 2022. But along the way we racked up a lot of credit card points that I had no idea what to do with. So back then I was just a complete points beginner and sure we were putting almost a million dollars of spend per month on cards, primarily purchasing furniture and a few other things. But I was putting almost all of it on the Amex platinum card thinking that that was going to earn me tons of points. Well, yes, it would've earned me about a million points a month at one x point per dollar spent or one point per dollar spent. 

Speaker 3 (04:50):
But had I put it on say the Capital One venture card, I would've gotten 2 million points. And obviously the difference between 1,000,002 million points is quite a lot. I did also a ton of other dumb stuff like that, and so I got really excited about credit card points and miles once I realized what the world looked like outside of the little bubble I was in. So I got quite interested personally. And then after selling the business, I got very interested professionally too and decided to try and build a product that solved my problem, which was I have these points, but I really don't know how to use them well. So I built this first version of the product. I can tell you more about it, but we'll pause for them for now. 

Speaker 1 (05:44):
Awesome, awesome, awesome, awesome man. The funny thing is, is that your story actually echoes a lot of people. A lot of people they have credit cards. At one point in my early career, I actually got a credit card suggested to me while I was at a bank, I was banking at Chase and she was like, Hey, why don't you apply for this credit card? I had no idea what to do with it. If I knew then what I knew, now I know that I had the Chase Freedom Unlimited. I was getting 1.5 on everything I didn't know. Then I used it for statement credits, didn't know about transfer partners. So I really like how it all started for you, so that is awesome. Okay, so now you've been putting a ton of business spend in, you realize that there was a whole big points world out there. Now I know there's supposed to be a buildup, but like I said, I like to be organic, I like to jump right into it. Let's do it with that. What are some of the best redemptions that you've done? And then after that I'm going to ask what cards you have. But since you've pioneered this site, what are some of the aspirational or even just local trips that you've done that the points have helped you out with that helped you mold the site 

Speaker 3 (07:08):
To contextualize all of this? The millions of points I was earning at the last company, you don't have to be earning millions of points to do any of what I'm going to talk about, which probably most of your listeners know. I mean, at this point I'm probably earning way fewer, I don't know, 10,000, 20,000 points a month. I'm lucky. So that's where I am today and that's where most people end up is earning points in that size and scale. So I guess I built this product around really the points beginner trying to figure this out themselves for the first time. So yeah, to answer your question, man, I think some of the best redemptions I've gotten have been on business class flights that I wouldn't have purchased otherwise. Business and first class, I think the most memorable one for me was a Lufthansa first class flight. 

Speaker 3 (08:09):
I was in Europe and I had a flight booked back, I think in economy from wherever I was and I was actually in Munich and I ended up just looking on our site and finding that there was a first class flight available in two days when I was going to be flying, just randomly looking and was like, holy, this is incredible. And it was like a hundred thousand points where my economy flight was 40 and I decided to pull the trigger. I looked at the price of the flight and it was like 15 or $16,000 for the one way from, I think it was Frankfurt to San Francisco. But that flight, it was so cool. I ended up going to the Frankfurt first class terminal and lounge. You have your own terminal, so you actually, you go in through the separate door, it's kind of hard to find. 

Speaker 3 (09:13):
A few of the taxis, I guess kind of knew when I got my Uber, they were like, oh, that's where we're going. I was like, cool, thanks. And then yeah, went through. You have your own security, there's no line, there's just like five people there to walk you through security. You get this really nice first class lounge experience with some buffet, food, ton of food that you could just order off menus wherever you want. A cigar lounge, probably like 150 different kinds of liquors on the wall that are all free. Yeah, it was really cool. And then the flood itself was incredible too. They gave you get your own little cabin up in the front of that cabin too. You're actually in the nose of an old 7 47 plane. They're one of the only, 

Speaker 1 (10:05):
That's what I was going to ask you if you flew the grail. 

Speaker 3 (10:11):
Yeah, it was really cool. Yeah. So yeah, not to belabor that point, but yeah, it was a very fun experience. It was like 10 hour flight. I got to just really enjoy myself and obviously it was very spoiling. I was like, how could I ever fly economy again on a long haul flight? This is insane. The server was incredible. I mean, it was a really fun experience. So yeah, I think that was probably one of the best redemptions ever earned. That was somewhere between 15 and 18 cents per point. 

Speaker 1 (10:49):
That is 

Speaker 3 (10:49):
Wild on that redemption. So that was great. 

Speaker 1 (10:53):
That is wild. You flew one of my bucket list trips actually this year. I flew Lufthansa business class out of Frankfurt. The wife I were coming home from Rome and it was the business class just knocked my socks off. The fact that you got the first class. 

Speaker 3 (11:08):
Yeah, 

Speaker 1 (11:09):
Yeah. You're official. I'm telling you right now, the people watching there. Yeah, you're all thumbs up right now for that. 

Speaker 3 (11:17):
These flights are available more than you think. I just transferred to Aeroplan and it was a hundred thousand points, and I think if you paid, it was like $200 in cash, you could bump it down to, or $150 in cash, I think you could bump it down to 70,000 points or 80,000 points in case you were like, well, I don't have exactly a hundred thousand that I can transfer. Maybe I have 80. You could pay 80 plus their nominal fee to get it. So I was like, actually, I'm just going to go ahead and do this. And it was really fun. It was really fun. 

Speaker 1 (11:53):
Kudos to you. Kudos to you. So that will lead me into my next question now that you've had that, and I noticed that when you were telling me, you were telling me that you happen to check your own website. So with that you told me ultimately we've, because the website I've discovered it is new to me, but give me a picture of five or 10 years down the road what the mid-range and long-term goals are? Four point half. 

Speaker 3 (12:26):
Yeah. Yeah, cool. And I can even literally, well, I could share my screen and show you a little bit more about it down the line if it feels right. I think we need to enable screen sharing. But yeah, I mean our plan right now, or what we have right now in place is we've built one of the more powerful point search tools that allow you to earn and redeem your points for free flights. So our goal is to help people not just earn the points where we'll help you get the right credit cards and get set up appropriately. We also help you once you have points you've earned, redeem those points for free flights to amazing destinations all over the world. So that's kind of our near term goal is continue to build out our product suite and build something that the people really love. 

Speaker 3 (13:22):
And it's starting to happen. We just tripled our user base over the last month and the month before we had doubled it. So it's slowly catching on completely word of mouth, which is great. And yeah, I mean really what we're hoping to do is just make understanding points more easy and more accessible to more people. So a hundred million people do travel internationally every year in the us. It's not always completely affordable to do it. And so what we're trying to do is make travel more accessible by helping people book more flights with points at greater values to them. So that's kind of our long-term plan right now. 

Speaker 1 (14:15):
Absolutely. Okay, man, you're giving me a lot to digest here. I got to tell you, I nerd out on these things and man, I can tell you that me personally using the site, I have noticed that you guys keep great, have a great reference of first of all what I like to call primary and secondary points. So primarily if you are going to book something with Delta, you're going to book it with Delta Sky Miles. That's your primary mode of purchase. But the points that go into it might be your transferables unless you have a Delta Amex card. But I've noticed that you guys have taken it even a step further because some of your flights you will actually show via Marriott points and little known factors that Marriott is a travel partner to quite a few airlines. And what inspired you to get that granular? Because a lot of people don't know that you can do that or they kind of shy away from it because of the transfer rates, even though sometimes people sit on a ton of hotel points that they otherwise won't use because who stays in a hotel more than they stay home. 

Speaker 3 (15:27):
Yeah, yeah. I think if you're able to enable screen sharing, I might even be able to show an example to the folks watching if it's valuable. 

Speaker 1 (15:36):
Oh, absolutely. Let me 

Speaker 3 (15:38):
Otherwise 

Speaker 1 (15:40):
Should be able to there it should be enabled. My 

Speaker 3 (15:43):
Apologies. No, no, no worries. So yeah, I mean you have a great point in that some people are going to want to, I mean there are a lot of different ways that you can book the same flight effectively, right? In points, you could book your flight in points through the Chase travel portal or the Amex travel portal and it will cost a certain amount of money. Let's use a thousand dollars flight, a thousand dollars flight through the Chase portal or the Amex portal will be a 1 cent redemption. So it would cost you a hundred thousand points for a thousand dollars flight through Chase. If you have the Chase PHI preferred, you'll get a 1.25 cent redemption. So maybe that thousand dollars flight is going to cost you 80,000 points as an example. What we do is we search all the different permutations. So you could book that Delta Flight through Delta, you could book that Delta flight through Air France. You could book that Delta Flight through Virgin Atlantic Flying Club and a whole host of other providers, but the price will be dramatically different across each of them. So if you were to search, we can run a search from, I dunno, JFK to, what do you think? 

Speaker 3 (17:11):
What should we do? Munich or Frankfurt? 

Speaker 1 (17:14):
Yeah, yeah, let's do Frankfurt 

Speaker 3 (17:16):
Just for 

Speaker 1 (17:17):
Fun since we were just talking. 

Speaker 3 (17:18):
Yeah, we'll, we'll just run a quick search and this allows you to search. You can pick a day, you can pick a set of days to run a search, but I'm just going to pick a random day in April, but you might know where you want to fly better. To help illustrate this point, what we do is we go out and we live search as many airlines as we possibly can with more coming even about 140 different airlines you can see returned here. And we're going to show how many different ways there are to book that flight and how much it might cost. So we could use this example, I guess Here's a Swiss air flight where you fly through Geneva. It's 70,000 points in business class where the retail price is $3,163. We pull in the retail price, it says it's 4 cents, 4.52 cents per point for that flight. 

Speaker 3 (18:16):
Here's one that's 6.8, 6.78 cents per point. And then when you scroll down here, it'll show you all of the ways you could book that Swiss air flight. Now, are you booking the Swiss air flight by going to Swiss Air to book that flight? Let's see. Let's look at all the booking options. No, you're actually not. You're not going to Swiss Air and transferring your points to Swiss Air. You could be transferring your points to Air Canada aero plan to buy it for 70,000 points, or you could transfer to United to buy it for 88,000 points, your chase points, or like you were saying before, you could transfer your Marriott Bonvoy points to either Air Canada or United to book that flight. But of course you're going to have to transfer almost three times, if not more points from Marriott to book here. Now, I don't typically recommend transferring your points from Bonvoy to then book on an airline because you'll get more value out of them generally inside of Marriott, but you can if you want to. And so we wanted to include that as a way to book that flight so that we're not making decisions for people, but instead giving them the ability to see all of the ways they could book and then allowing them to book it that way and then walking them through step by step, okay, Amex to Air Canada, and then we walk you through these step-by-step guides to teach you exactly what you have to do. 

Speaker 1 (19:54):
That is amazing. This is amazing. I got to tell you, because this will answer so many questions that so many people who get into this game, we call it a lot of people tend to say that their team traveler, team cashback or what have you, there's always a delineation of what people are going to use their points for. And a lot of the times what keeps people out of travel is the complication finding award space, knowing the right program to use, getting the most value out of their points. And literally since I accessed the website the last time I did my searches, I didn't even see the scent per point labels that you have in the original search. So these movements are just, this is crazy. This is 

Speaker 3 (20:45):
Absolutely 

Speaker 1 (20:46):
Crazy. 

Speaker 3 (20:47):
We're literally, yeah, we're right at the beginning too. I mean, this is just getting started. We're a team of five people right now. We've all worked together on the last company that we built, which was Feather and yeah, we we're back all working together again, N and building this company. It is really fun. There's so much that we could do and could build. That was the A to B search feature. This search feature, which maybe you've played around with a little bit, is absolutely fantastic and fun to use where you can put in your home airport, let's just say JFK, but you can put in whatever airport you want and whatever date range you want. So you could pick a weekend in September or you could say, show me the next two weeks or month or show me the entire month of July next year and we'll look at business class just for fun. 

Speaker 3 (21:45):
And what this search does is it's searching JFK to everywhere we track, which is many different places. So this is actually searching JFK to tons of places in North America, Europe, Asia, south America, Africa, Australia, and you can then go in there and see the cheapest places you could possibly go from your home airport. So in this case, the cheapest place we found outside of the US was Bermuda in business class for 15,000 points. You could also tell me, Hey, you know what? I want to go travel to Europe, so let's just see only flights to Europe and what those might cost. Well, here's a bunch for 45,000 points to Europe. A lot of these have that high taxes, those high taxes and fees because they're flying through the uk. So what we could do is just turn the UK off and say, alright, uk, you're too expensive for me. Let me find somewhere else I can go. And these are all the places you can fly for 45, 50 5,000 points in business class. 

Speaker 1 (22:59):
That is amazing. I hope everyone's listening here. 45, 50 5,000 points, that is less than a signup bonus that is half of a signup bonus in most cases. Literally you get your signup bonus, you can fly to Europe, you can fly there and back. 

Speaker 3 (23:17):
Yeah, it's crazy 

Speaker 1 (23:18):
Vacation. 

Speaker 3 (23:19):
Crazy. It is. Yeah. I think it's like a fun tool to search to kind of explore and see where you could go. Or even if you're in the mode to actually book something, you can go in and say, Hey, you know what? I know I want to fly to Italy, show me the flights to Italy only, and I know I'm flying to Rome, so show me the best ways to get there. Here's one nonstop. Well, it looks like this one's, someone may have already booked this one, but yeah, that's kind of how it goes. 

Speaker 1 (24:00):
Yeah, I mean it literally happens that fast because there are points brokers out there. There are things out there that happened and what did we found here? It looks like, what is that Royal Mor Rock? 

Speaker 3 (24:11):
Yep. It shows the number of seats too. So was I think I ran a search for one seat. So looks like there's only one seat left. If you're traveling with someone else, no problem. You can throw in two seats here and rerun the search. It runs very quickly. Look at that, it's done. And you could check it for just two people. You could say only Asia, maybe you want to go to Tokyo for 60,000 in business class. Here's one what, 60,000 direct business class. You could also say, you know what? I don't know that one was an American flight that required American points, but you could say, filter my results to match my card programs. Turn that on. So then it's only showing results for card programs that I have. So I've got Amex, I have Capital One, I have Chase. You could remove when you sign up, it'll basically ask you which of these you have. So absolutely you could then see all the places you could go. You go to Turkey for 70,000 in Europe, or you could say in Asia. So a lot of different options. You could go to Tokyo, here's one direct business class, it's on American. It's probably that same, could be that same flight, but it's one where you can book through Qantas. Absolutely. 

Speaker 3 (25:51):
And World Partners. Exactly. We also take into account this thing called transfer bonuses. I dunno, have you guys talked much about those? 

Speaker 1 (26:00):
Oh yeah, absolutely. Amongst the community, we share who has the newest transfer bonus somewhere right now, if you have an Amex card, Amex cards are giving a Amex offer for money back. If you spend up to, I think it's like $250 if you spend a thousand dollars at Qantas right now. 

Speaker 3 (26:19):
I 

Speaker 1 (26:19):
Don't think that expires until August, the August the 31st if I recall correctly. But I know that's been shared with me. There are discords and everything. Yeah, right now you are the guy. It is just crossing all the T's and just dotting all the i's. 

Speaker 3 (26:42):
You are making me blush. It's amazing on camera. But yeah, I mean there's still, again, there's still bugs, there's still things we're working on. There's still fixes. There's a lot that we can continue to improve on. But yeah, we're pretty happy with what there is right now. So we welcome any feedback, anything that people want to give you can just write into us. We're always taking feedback from folks, so we're here for it. 

Speaker 1 (27:12):
Absolutely. And just for the listening audience, understand that this conversation is the result of just a simple email. I simply sent an email because I heard about this particular site point hound.com when I was watching another YouTuber's video who happened to mention it even, he said, Hey, look, I'm not sponsored. It's just a great service. So that word of mouth really matters, especially with a quality service like Point Hound. If you know me and you've been watching my channel, I do not lend my support lightly without fleshing out the people whom I support. And Jay and your team, I got to tell you, you guys have got something here. You really do, especially to a points fanatic like myself. And I know other people in the community are just going to go nuts about this. And I just want to thank you so much for taking us through just some examples. It seems very easy, very, if you never traded a point before, it just seems like it's made for people like that. 

Speaker 3 (28:18):
That's our goal. Our goal is to just, we've designed this for beginners, so whether you're a beginner, intermediate, or expert, it's still valuable for you. We really want to make this as easy as possible for most people. I think the other element that we probably should have touched on is this is completely free. We don't charge anything for any of these searches. There's no gating. You can run searches as often as you'd like and you can show up and use the product as often as you'd like. Yeah, 

Speaker 1 (28:46):
I was saving that part for last. I was going to put it as the cherry on top 

Speaker 3 (28:49):
Because 

Speaker 1 (28:50):
That part of course, they were going to be like, all right. Alright, so how much, this is amazing. You have a powerful site 

Speaker 3 (29:00):
Here. Thank you. Yeah, I mean we're rolling out a few little paid features that'll help automate some things for you, but we we're never going to gate or charge you to run any of these searches. Just we don't think it makes sense to do that, given that most people are used to running a search on Google Flights for free or Kayak for free or Expedia. So our goal is to make this to help give people free flights for free. 

Speaker 1 (29:36):
I love it and I know my audience is going to love it. Now. I know, and I can't thank you enough for your time and I know that you're a busy guy, but before we round this out, I have to ask questions for my viewers please. We spoke about how many points you were getting. So with that, I would like to ask what credit cards do you have and which ones are your favorites? 

Speaker 3 (30:03):
Yeah, sure. So we actually have credit card consultations with people. We've done about 300 of them so far and they're free. So if you want to sign up, it's on our site. We do them. I do most of them 30 minutes long. So if you want to have a chat about which cards you have and where you may want to go to optimize those, they're available on our site. They do book up pretty quickly and usually 10 days in advance they book. So kind of like these flights, I guess they're, they're free, they go relatively quickly. But grab one and we can talk about your own personal situation. But what I have, we basically talk about, there's three buckets of cards that are valuable for most people. So having a travel card, hello, thumbs up, a travel card, a food card, and an everything else card covers all of the bases, the major bases and gets you 90, 95% of the way there to optimizing the points you can be earning on just everyday spend. 

Speaker 3 (31:10):
So travel card, that could be a Chase Sapphire preferred or reserve where you get two to three x points on travel on anything coded as travel food. I generally recommend the Amex Gold because you get four x points on anything food that's four x on groceries and four x on restaurants. And then the third card is like an everything else card. It could be usually something that just has a straight multiplier across all categories. And the one that we like right now is the Capital One venture or Venture X cards. They give you two x points on everything. So just those three cards you could be earning minimum two x on anything, and then three x on travel and four x on dining just with those three cards, which earns you lots of points pretty quickly. Plus the signup bonuses. 

Speaker 1 (32:06):
And do you have a favorite 

Speaker 3 (32:09):
Man? It's funny you can't pick favorite. I have a favorite per category, but not one that I pull out of my wallet every time. So my favorite travel card is the Chase Sapphire Reserve. My favorite food card is the AMX Gold and my favorite, yeah, everything else card is the Capital One, venture X. I just use those three cards 90% of the time and I earn lots of points. So 

Speaker 1 (32:39):
Smart man, smart money, smart site. I think that pretty much wraps it all up there. Well Jay, I just want to say thank you so much again, I really just fanboyed out with your site, the work that has gone into it. I think once again, you guys have a platform here that is really going to do just amazing things. I definitely want to highly suggest anyone watching this, please go and visit this site just like I did. You put your name, you put basically your travel credentials, how many cards do you have? You pick your cards, you even can rate your own skill level and the site does the rest. Just do the search. And as you heard Jay say, it's free. You have nothing to lose here. Invest your time. I think it's going to be well worth it, especially if you want to maximize your value of your points with travel partners. So Jay, I can't say thank you enough and I was wondering if you had any parting words for the audience. 

Speaker 3 (33:49):
No, I mean I think this should be a fun experience for most people. Being able to travel and see the world is a luxury and to be able to do that for free is even better. So yeah, just make sure you pay off your card each month in full so that you win in the points game and yeah, have fun, fun flying places. 

Speaker 1 (34:21):
Awesome. Awesome, awesome, awesome. Thank you so much. This has been great. This has literally been great and I just want to thank you so much. I know you're busy and I know your time is super valuable. I really appreciate it. I'm definitely going to get this out to the people. I really can't say thank you enough. Thank you so much. 

Speaker 3 (34:43):
Absolutely. Yeah, thanks for reaching out. 

Speaker 1 (34:46):
How awesome was that? Super down to earth guy and knows this stuff. Got his food card, he's got his travel card, he's got his catchall. Pay your bills. Don't pay interest if you can help it. He's even done a bucket list trip that I would like to do. We've been to the same airports. He understands what it's like to break into the game and really be kind of rudderless and he has created a solution for that. Him and the team at Point Hound and I could not be more grateful. Once again, just want to give a huge shout out to Jay. Thank you so much for taking time out of your schedule. I wish you guys unended success and I hope everybody like this as much as I did. Now, as always, my customary pointy thing, point, cross cross and that's about it. I'm cooking under these lights, so I'll catch you later.

