Speaker 1 (00:00):
Realm is removing all the middlemen from the home rental process. So if you've ever rented an apartment, you probably know how overly complex and expensive the entire process is. And as a personal antidote, the apartment that I'm sitting in, when I went to go start the process of renting it, I opened up my computer, then I proceeded to open up seven different tabs from StreetEasy to Zillow to Redfin, all the way down to Craigslist and Facebook marketplace even. And just started scraping the internet for finding any rental that I could. And I reached out to probably over 30 agents that I managed through text message and email on my phone, and then had to go visit all of those places to make sure that I like it. And for the reward of all the hard work that I put into finding an apartment, I was then faced with a application and a broker fee, which ended up costing me the broker fee, about 10% of the annual rental cost of the unit that I was looking at. 

Speaker 1 (00:58):
And that came out to about $10,000. And that was all before the security deposit or even first month's rent, which is totally unaffordable. And this is not just a personal experience. Renters in an aggregate pay over 74 billion a year in broker's fees. And this fee is either paid upfront by the renter themselves or distributed through increased rent if paid by the property manager on those no fee apartments. And this is driving up the cost of people being able to get into homes and really attributing to the affordable housing crisis. So our solution is to simplify through ai and we have a two phase system to actually do that. In phase one, we're going to be focused around cleaning up that whole search mess that I described. And we've already built an amazing AI home search, which you could actually go check out in New Jersey at Realm ai. 

Speaker 1 (01:54):
And it's a really cool platform to go look at it. And then coming soon, we are actually allowing our renters to manage all of their agent conversations in the platform to really clean up that whole process for them. Phase two is going to be largely focused around the transaction itself, where we're going to be building out the rest of that end-to-end AI broker and allow the property managers and the renters not to have to work with any middlemen and pay those exorbitant fees. And we're just going to automate that whole experience from them, from AI home search, to AI application screening, and even rental fee payments. And this will save renters thousands of dollars and property managers hundreds of thousands of dollars, even more, who has to pay per unit one month per unit, which is unbelievable. Alright, so who's building realm? Well, I'm Evan Robinson. 

Speaker 1 (02:43):
I'm the CEO and Co-founder here at Realm. I got my start working in politics. That's where I, it's first introduced and fell in love with the whole real estate space working at Los Angeles City Hall and helping out on the zoning committee there. I've also worked in several campaigns where I really had the opportunity to dive in with the constituents and chat about the affordable housing crisis with them and really understand it from their perspective, which is largely the reason we're building realm, the way we're building it today. After working in politics for a few years, I jumped over to consulting at a company called MediaLink, where I worked across the growth strategy and agency optimization teams and really got that entrepreneur spirit working with those startups. The second in the trio is Jackson Rider, our COO and Co-founder. He started his career in real estate sales as an agent working in companies such as Caldwell Banker and Berkshire Hathaway, and is also a performance marketer working inhouse at several brands as well as performance marketing agencies, working with companies from seed all the way to pre IPO. And the third of the trio is I Chesky, who is our CT o and co-founder, and received his PhD in polymer chemistry and wrote a dissertation on hydrophobic solar panel technology. After his PhD, he started a quantitative trading fund as well as practiced data science and machine learning at organizations such as the LEO Group and people data labs. I'm really excited to dive even further into the realm of realm and really have a great conversation.

